NEWS entry for JIT (#14940)
rstudio/rstudio: NEWS.md

- Workbench now respects the `SLURM_CONF` environment variable, which can be used to point to a non-standard location for the Slurm configuration file (launcher#767)
- Workbench now does a better job of tracking which Slurm jobs it owns, allowing multiple independent Workbench servers to use the same Slurm cluster, or a single Workbench server to use the same backing Slurm cluster with different configurations (launcher#908)
- Preview of the workbench api, using api-tokens for launching sessions and session status. See documentation for details.

> - Added support for Just-in-Time provisioning for Proxied Auth, OpenID Connect, and SAML Authentication methods, which allows for the automatic creation of user accounts when users log in (rstudio-pro#5909)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for just-in-time provisioning of local user accounts for Proxied Auth, OpenID Connect, and SAML Authentication. Just-in-time provisioning creates users on first login, and can serve as an alternative to SCIM-based provisioning for Identity Providers that do not support the SCIM protocol (rstudio-pro#5909)
```
